guides, specifications: update for PEP 753 (#1611)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/well-known-project-urls.rst

.. _`well-known-project-urls`:

===================================
Well-known Project URLs in Metadata
===================================

.. important::

    This document is primarily of interest to metadata *consumers*,
    who should use the normalization rules and well-known list below
    to make their presentation of project URLs consistent across the
    Python ecosystem.

    Metadata *producers* (such as build tools and individual package
    maintainers) may continue to use any labels they please, within the

>     overall ``Project-URL`` length restrictions. However, users are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    overall ``Project-URL`` length restrictions. However, when possible, users are
```

    *encouraged* to pick meaningful labels that normalize to well-known
    labels.

.. note::

    See :ref:`Writing your pyproject.toml - urls <writing-pyproject-toml-urls>`
    for user-oriented guidance on choosing project URL labels in your package's

>     metadata.

Reviewer 2: This oversells the referenced section a bit. There's not really much "guidance" there, TBH.

Author: Fair! I'll mute it a bit.

Reviewer 2: ... or add a bit more to the referenced section? Maybe say there that users are advised to use well known labels where appropriate, as they will be rendered by consumers. And add a specific note about how to specify the project homepage and download URL. It doesn't have to be much, just sufficient to qualify as "guidance" :-)

Author: Done, PTAL!

.. note:: This specification was originally defined in :pep:`753`.

:pep:`753` deprecates the :ref:`core-metadata-home-page` and
:ref:`core-metadata-download-url` metadata fields in favor of
:ref:`core-metadata-project-url`, and defines a normalization and
lookup procedure for determining whether a ``Project-URL`` is
"well-known," i.e. has the semantics assigned to ``Home-page``,
``Download-URL``, or other common project URLs.

This allows indices (such as the Python Package Index) and other downstream

> metadata consumers to specialize their presentations of project URLs in a
> consistent manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata consumers to present project URLs in a
consistent manner.
```

.. _project-url-label-normalization:

Label normalization
===================

.. note::

    Label normalization is performed by metadata *consumers*, not metadata
    producers.

To determine whether a ``Project-URL`` label is "well-known," metadata

> consumers should first normalize the label before comparing it to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumers should normalize the label before comparing it to the
```
